hping3: add page (#7147)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/hping3.md

# hping3

> Advanced ping utility which supports protocols such TCP, UDP, and Raw-IP.
> Best run with elevated priviledges.
> More information: <https://github.com/antirez/hping>.

> - Ping a destination with 4 counts of ICMP requests:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ping a destination with 4 ICMP ping requests:
```

`hping3 --icmp --count {{4}} {{ip_or_hostname}}`

> - Scan for port 80 controlling which local source port 5090 initiates the scan:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Scan TCP port 80, scanning from the specific local source port 5090:
```

> - Scan for port 80 controlling which local source port 5090 initiates the scan:

Author: specifying syn or ack scans through hping are specific to TCP handshake hence we don't need to call it out

> - Scan for port 80 controlling which local source port 5090 initiates the scan:

Reviewer 2: Yes, but in this example description you don't mention SYN or ACK.

`hping3 --verbose --syn --destport {{80}} --baseport {{5090}} {{ip_or_hostname}}`

> - Traceroute to a specific port 80:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Traceroute using a TCP scan to a specific destination port:
```

> - Traceroute to a specific port 80:

Author: same as above

> - Traceroute to a specific port 80:

Reviewer 2: Same as above

> `hping3 --traceroute --verbose --syn --destport {{80}} --baseport {{5090}} {{ip_or_hostname}}`

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure specifying a specific source TCP port in all examples is a good idea.
```suggestion
`hping3 --traceroute --verbose --syn --destport {{80}} {{ip_or_hostname}}`
```

> - Perform an ACK scan to check if a given host is alive:
> 
> `hping3 --count {{2}} --verbose --destport {{80}} -baseport {{5090}} -A {{ip_or_hostname}}`

Reviewer 2: Same as above.
```suggestion
- Perform a TCP ACK scan to check if a given host is alive:

`hping3 --count {{2}} --verbose --destport {{80}} -A {{ip_or_hostname}}`
```
